.NET Aspire release 9.3 content (#3926)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/extensibility/interaction-service.md

```csharp
var interactionService = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<IInteractionService>();
if (interactionService.IsAvailable)
{
    var result = await interactionService.PromptConfirmationAsync(
        title: "Delete confirmation",
        message: "Are you sure you want to delete the data?");
        
    if (result.Data)
    {
        // Run your resource/command logic.
    }
}
```

The interaction service has several methods that you use to interact with users or display messages. The behavior of these methods depends on the execution context:

- **Dashboard context** (`aspire run` or direct app host launch): Interactions appear as modal dialogs, notifications, and form inputs in the [Aspire dashboard web interface](../fundamentals/dashboard/overview.md).
- **CLI context** (`aspire publish` or `aspire deploy`): Interactions are prompted through the command-line interface with text-based prompts and responses.

The following sections describe how to use these APIs effectively in both contexts:

| Method | Description | Contexts supported |
|--|--|--|
| `PromptMessageBoxAsync` | Displays a modal dialog box with a message and buttons for user interaction. | Dashboard only |

> | `PromptNotificationAsync` | Displays a nonmodal notification in the dashboard as a message bar. | Dashboard only |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PromptNotificationAsync` | Displays a non-modal notification in the dashboard as a message bar. | Dashboard only |
```
